getting towards the end of digesting a
bit more of the uh statement about what
more from that statement stands out to
you well you're right to recap just
briefly Lewis why he's such an important
person to Richie sunac and I think that
is worth underlining you know he was one
of the prime minister's key backers back
in the summer last year when the Tory
party was in turmoil Dominic Raab was
one of the main figureheads of rissy
sunak's first attempt to become Prime
Minister and then a big cheerleader for
him uh the second time around uh the
risk the Prime Minister will not want it
to have seen him go from government
reading further into this letter it's
interesting Dominic Robb said that Mr
Tully Adam Tolley concluded I had not
once in four and a half years sworn or
shouted at anyone let alone thrown
anything or otherwise physically
intimidated anyone nor intentionally
sought to belittle anyone he says I'm
genuinely sorry for any unintended
stress or offense that any officials
felt as a result of the pace stand
standards and challenges that I brought
to the ministry of justice that however
is what the public expect and he goes on
to say that by setting the threshold for
bullying so low this inquiry he says has
set a dangerous precedent and it will
encourage spurious complaints against
ministers and having a chilling effect
on those driving change on behalf of the
government so clearly there have in his
view there have been significant enough
questions about his conduct and his
behavior to trigger his resignation but
it's quite a defiant resignation letter
this I think he feels quite hard done by
but he ends by saying that he remains
fully supportive of the Prime Minister
and the government
and just remind us Ben if you will the
original complaints and the source of
the complaints and the timeline here
well we know that uh Adam Tolley was
looking at eight complaints across three
government departments that Mr Rob has
worked in over the last three or four
years one related to his time at the
department of exiting the EU the brexit
department when he was brexit secretary
another complaint uh at least one
complaint was from the foreign office
when he was foreign secretary and there
were complaints too from the ministry of
Justice a department he served in uh
before during Boris Johnson's
Premiership uh he was sacked from that
job by Liz truss and then recently that
brought him back to the ministry of
Justice uh in October last year so those
are the Departments that uh the
complaints have come from and I think it
was at least two dozen officials that uh
I think added their voices to those
formal complaints and many of those gave
evidence to Adam Tully in the course of
this four month long investigation I
mean this has taken up a lot of time and
therefore perhaps it wasn't surprising
considering that the you know the the
thickness of the report that the Prime
Minister and Mr Rob took 24 hours to
digest it and to come to this conclusion
but I think the Prime Minister will be
perhaps relieved that uh Dominic Raab
has decided to walk rather than wait for
rissy sunak to make a judgment himself
about whether or not he should be sacked
uh Ben Wright uh there in Western so
thank you so much for giving us your
immediate reaction to that so quickly I
will let you just take a moment to uh
gather your thoughts and uh read through
that statement again if you are just
joining us a pretty significant moment
here uh in the UK